---
title: 'Learning and Growing in 2023'
date: '2024-01-17'
---

# Learning and Growing in 2023

Despite grappling with various health challenges over the past year, they haven't deterred me from seizing opportunities to delve into different coding projects using various frameworks in my free time. It's been an exciting journey, during which I've had the chance to work with `Spring`, `Sinatra`, `FastAPI`, `Flask`, and `Next.js`. Each project has taught me something new, and I can proudly say that I've become much better at what I do.

What's great about the world of coding today is that almost every popular framework can be efficiently used in production. You don't have to master them all, but I have a personal goal to keep learning and growing. So, in 2024, I plan to take my coding skills to the next level.

## 2024 Learning Focus:

1.  **Svelte Framework**
2.  **Rust**
3.  **Java (Spring):**
    - Delving deeper into Java, focusing on the Spring framework.
4.  **Clojure & Elixir Trial**
5.  **Embedded Systems (Raspberry Pi):**
    - Gaining practical experience in Embedded Systems with Raspberry Pi.

## Current Projects:

1.  **Dev-Link's Overhaul:**
    Let me reintroduce the **Dev-Link** ⚡
    _Dev-Link is a dynamic web application fostering collaborative learning among programmers. Our platform will allow users to easily form project teams, connecting with like-minded individuals of all skill levels. Whether you're a seasoned expert or a newcomer, Dev-Link provides a supportive space to grow together._ - Transitioning Backend from `Sinatra (Ruby) + Sequel` to `Express.js (Typescript) + Sequelize`, and the rework the Frontend from `Vite-React` to `Svelte`.

2.  **SSG Base Roadmap:**
    - Crafting a comprehensive roadmap for building a robust foundation for various Static Site Generators (SSG's). Once the base is done, we will be able to develop many templates such as my latest work, [Nigiri](https://github.com/devnyxie/nigiri), in matter of minutes.
